How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
The diff pointed out the lines which were different. This will be really helpful when looking for lines which I have changed. I could easily spot changes and possible bugs.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
I could see where we went wrong on possible errors. I could compare the performance of older versions compared to newer versions. I could easily replace the new with the old if the new has unexpected bugs that slipped through testing.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Manually choosing when to commit lets me have a more detailed understanding of saved versions. It lets me save when I make logical changes, lets me know the details of the save, and lets me save as often as I want. Automatic saving would be convenient but it may save in the middle of making changes. It would make the saved commit confusing.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Version control systems like Git are made for code, where multiple files are affected by changing something in one file. Others, like Google Docs, are just concentrated on one file at a time where files do not interact with one another.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Git log helps me find the commits, git diff helps me find the differences between the commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
When I break something, I could easily revert back to a version where it was still fixed. Version control gives me a safe backup.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use Git for all my projects, big or small. I want to keep doing this until I feel comfortable using Git. After that, I would only use it for big projects.